= status_enumerator

This class provides an enumeration function to have the object which I added tree information to in an argument.
The instance receives an enumerable object and provides #each and #each_method. The #each method calls a block in an argument in own. The #each_method method calls the method of an object appointed own in an argument.
I have the information of the object equal to the ancestors in own and front and back and hierarchy structure, and a block and the argument handed to a method maintain the state flag in the enumeration again.
It is necessary to appoint the information about the descendant in the hierarchy structure in a block - a method explicitly. When the #into method receives an enumerable object, and a block is not exhibited, a block - a method is used recursively.
This class provides a function to enumerate it, but it is not the object which it can enumerate.

== Contributing to status_enumerator
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Keiichiro Nishi. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

